The Shawshank Redemption|Over the course of several years, two convicts form a friendship, seeking consolation and, eventually, redemption through basic compassion.
The Godfather|Don Vito Corleone, head of a mafia family, decides to hand over his empire to his youngest son Michael. However, his decision unintentionally puts the lives of his loved ones in grave danger.
Inception|A thief who steals corporate secrets through the use of dream-sharing technology is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a C.E.O., but his tragic past may doom the project and his team to disaster.
The Matrix|When a beautiful stranger leads computer hacker Neo to a forbidding underworld, he discovers the shocking truth--the life he knows is the elaborate deception of an evil cyber-intelligence.
Se7en|Two detectives, a rookie and a veteran, hunt a serial killer who uses the seven deadly sins as his motives.
Back to the Future|Marty McFly, a 17-year-old high school student, is accidentally sent 30 years into the past in a time-traveling DeLorean invented by his close friend, the maverick scientist Doc Brown.
Alien|The crew of a commercial spacecraft encounter a deadly lifeform after investigating an unknown transmission.
The Shining|A family heads to an isolated hotel for the winter where a sinister presence influences the father into violence, while his psychic son sees horrific forebodings from both past and future.
Toy Story|A cowboy doll is profoundly threatened and jealous when a new spaceman action figure supplants him as top toy in a boy's bedroom.
Requiem for a Dream|The drug-induced utopias of four Coney Island people are shattered when their addictions run deep.
Citizen Kane|Following the death of publishing tycoon Charles Foster Kane, reporters scramble to uncover the meaning of his final utterance: 'Rosebud.'
Metropolis|In a futuristic city sharply divided between the working class and the city planners, the son of the city's mastermind falls in love with a working-class prophet who predicts the coming of a savior to mediate their differences.
Taxi Driver|A mentally unstable veteran works as a nighttime taxi driver in New York City, where the perceived decadence and sleaze fuels his urge for violent action.
Shutter Island|Teddy Daniels and Chuck Aule, two US marshals, are sent to an asylum on a remote island in order to investigate the disappearance of a patient, where Teddy uncovers a shocking truth about the place.
The Sixth Sense|Malcolm Crowe, a child psychologist, starts treating a young boy, Cole, who encounters dead people and convinces him to help them. In turn, Cole helps Malcolm reconcile with his estranged wife.
V for Vendetta|In a future British dystopian society, a shadowy freedom fighter, known only by the alias of "V", plots to overthrow the tyrannical government - with the help of a young woman.
Blade Runner|A blade runner must pursue and terminate four replicants who stole a ship in space and have returned to Earth to find their creator.
Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl|Blacksmith Will Turner teams up with eccentric pirate "Captain" Jack Sparrow to save his love, the governor's daughter, from Jack's former pirate allies, who are now undead.
The Exorcist|When a teenage girl is possessed by a mysterious entity, her mother seeks the help of two priests to save her daughter.
Fight Club|An insomniac office worker and a devil-may-care soap maker form an underground fight club that evolves into much more.